Feature: add data collector package (#127)
project-march/tutorials: doc/using_the_march_exoskeleton/using_the_pressure_soles.rst

.. _using-the-pressure-soles-label:

Using the pressure soles
========================
At March we currently use the `Moticon <https://www.moticon.de/>`_ pressure soles. Live reading of the data from the pressure soles is very cumbersome. You need the following things:

* The pressure soles with charged batteries.
* An Android phone with the Moticon app installed.
* A Windows laptop with the Moticon desktop software installed.
* A computer with the March software installed.

All devices should be connected to the same WiFi for optimal functioning.

> 1. First you open the app on the phone and pair the insoles with the phone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the app on the phone and pair the soles with the phone.
```

.. note::

    The pressure soles are turned on by moving them, because the internal IMU is triggered.
    Shake the pressure soles when they do not automatically turn on.

> 2. Next you should set the record mode to live capture. Open the Moticon desktop app and go to the record section and settings. Set the following things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the record mode to live capture. Open the Moticon desktop app and go to the record section and settings. Set the following things:
```

    * UDP Input:
        - `Channel name:`           Joint_positions
        - `Number rof Channels:`    8
        - `Datatype:`               float32
        - `Port:`                   9999

    * UDP Output
        - `IP addess:`              \<exoskeleton_ip\>
        - `Port:`                   8888
        - `Filter:`                 force pressure cop

More info on this step can be found `here <https://www.moticon.de/doc/science_desktop_software/record/udp/>`_.

> 3. Lastly use should set the correct launch arguments. You should set pressure_soles to true and if you are not using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Launch the software using the correct launch arguments. You should set pressure_soles to true and if you are not using the
```
